README.md, before:

# Cristina Ekqvist - Personal resume website

Cristina Ekqvist is my professional resume website that aspires to showcase my new skillsets in the field of coding and at the same time give a short and concise summary of my professional background. This site is primarily targeted towards potential new employers and is supposed to be updated as my skills improve and more is to showcase. The page is fully responsive but is best enjoyed on desktop size screens.

![Responsivness Mockup](/assets/images/responsiveness-showcase.png)

## Features 

On my webpage we have different feauters, such as a navigation bar and a footer, which are present on all pages. This lets users navigate easily on all pages and know exactly where they are. The footer gives users the opportunity to connect professionally with me on LinkedIn. 

There is a landing page with a background image and a small introduction, to let new visitors get an idea of what this page is about and who I am. There is a table for my professional career and former education to summarize my skillsets. I have created a mock-up contact form, which will be updated as I am becoming more profficient.

The portfolio page is as of now empty due to pressing deadlines but will be updated as more projects will be completed. My aspiration is to provide a screenshot of each project, a short description of each project and a link, which will allow visitors to check out other webpages that I have created.

### Existing Features

- __Navigation Bar__



- __The landing page__

  - The landing page has a background image to build contrasts with the webpage's color scheme and to give a more harmonius feel. For me it was important to have a landing page that does not overwhelm visitors and is easy on the eye and to understand. 

- __Welcome - section__
  - There is a "Welcome" section, which very briefly states who I am as a means of marketing myself. This section is placed under the logo to draw the attention of visitors.

![Landing Page](/assets/images/landing-page.png)

- __Get to know me! - section__



### Features Left to Implement

- 

## Testing 

- __Responsiveness__

  - Responsiveness has been tested in DevTools in order to be able to test on as many devices and screen sizes as possible.

  - A couple of examples of iPhone 5 screen size (320 x 568)

    - ![Landing page - iPhone 5]()
    - ![Experience page - iPhone 5]
    - ![Portfolio page - iPhone 5]
    - ![Contact page - iPhone 5]

  - A couple of examples of iPad screen size (768 x 1024)

    - ![Landing page - iPad]()
    - ![Experience page - iPad]()
    - ![Portfolio page - iPad]()
    - ![Contact page - iPad]()
  
  - Summary of testing, summarized in a table

    - ![Responsiveness tests]()

- __Bugs__

  - No bugs were found while programming this webpage. 

- __Browser Compatibility__

  - I tested the page on Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Opera. I do not have access to Safari and can therefore not test it on that browser.
  - Firefox seems to have problems displaying the chosen fonts.

  ![Browser compatibility]()

- __Lighthouse__

  - Performance test for desktop (Portfolio was omitted)
    - ![Lighthouse desktop index.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse desktop experience.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse desktop contact.html]()

   - Performance test for mobile (Portfolio was omitted)
    - ![Lighthouse mobile index.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse mobile experience.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse mobile contact.html]()

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator. Tested all pages [W3C validator for all pages](/assets/images/w3c-html.png)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official W3C CSS validator [(Jigsaw) validator](/assets/images/w3c-css.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

There are no unfixed bugs. 

## Deployment 

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - Select "Pages" on the left side bar.
  - Source should be set to "Deploy from a branch" and branch should be set to "main" and folder to "/root".
  - Click on save and wait for page to be deployed (can take several minutes).
  - Refresh page and the link should appear on the top of the 'GitHub pages' page.

The live link can be found here - https://bubinib.github.io/cristina-ekqvist/index.html 


## Credits 

### Code - Coding help

- Inspiration from the ["Love running"](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/love-running-2.0-sourcecode/tree/main/02-creating-the-header/05-navigation-styling-2) project was taken while creating the header.
- When changing the style and layout (changing the order of the links) of the header/navigation bar on smaller screen sizes I found help on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39217732/is-it-possible-to-change-the-order-of-list-items-using-css3) 
- When trying to change background image positions I found help on W3Schools [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_background-position.php).
- I looked up how to implement media queries on [W3School Media queries](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_mediaqueries_ex.asp) and [W3Schools Examples on media queries](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_rwd_mediaqueries.asp).
- I generated my GitHub and GitPod from the [Code Institute GitPod template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template)

### Content 

- The icon in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- The fonts were taken from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- I used Code Institutes template for creating this README. [README template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/readme-template).
- I took inspiration for my color scheme from [Colorhunt](https://colorhunt.co/palettes/earth).
- I took inspiration on how I want my page to look like (style and layout) from an article on [Wixfresh](https://www.wixfresh.com/post/resume-websites).
- I went to [Elementor](https://elementor.com/blog/font-pairing/) in order to find a good combination of different fonts.


### Media

- All background images used for this webpage were taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/sv-se/)

Commit message:

Add style to cursor for player buttons and computer buttons in game area. Work on README

README.md, after:

# Bazinga! - A game of Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock

Bazinga! Is a webpage for playing a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock against the computer inspired by the TV-show "The Big Bang Theory". The esthetics of the webpage are adjusted to fit the theme of the TV-show (highly educated physicists who also happen to be comic book nerds) and therefore there is a background image of space and some of the chosen fonts are comic book inspired. Players, who happen to know the TV-show, will recognize the computer oponent (Sheldon C.) and hopefully have a greater sense of immersion to the entire theme.

The game has been coded in JavaScript and the entire page is responsive to be enjoyed on every device.

![Responsivness Mockup](/assets/images/readme-img/bazinga-responsiveness.png)

## Features 

On this webpage we have different feauters, such as a quick link down to the rules, in case some players are interested in looking them up, as well as a game area, a result area, a score area and a rules area. I will go in depth for every section/area of the game. 

The overall idea for this webpage was to let the players have as much "interaction" with their oponent as possible, by making the computer's choices visible. The "Bangers" google font was chosen for the specific comic book feel and used throughout the entire page.

### Existing Features

- __Header and link to rules area__

  - The header has been designed to catch players' attention, give enough information on what this webpage is about and to set the tone for the rest of the page. I added a link to the rules section in case new players weren't familiar with how to play the game and in order to make the entire page more user friendly by not having to scroll down. The rules-link has a hover function, which makes it appear in bright yellow to make it more user friendly.

![Header and link to rules](/assets/images/readme-img/header.png)

- __The landing page__

  - The landing page has a background image to build contrasts with the webpage's color scheme and to give a more harmonius feel. For me it was important to have a landing page that does not overwhelm visitors and is easy on the eye and to understand. 

- __Welcome - section__
  - There is a "Welcome" section, which very briefly states who I am as a means of marketing myself. This section is placed under the logo to draw the attention of visitors.

![Landing Page](/assets/images/landing-page.png)

- __Get to know me! - section__



### Features Left to Implement

- 

## Testing 

- __Responsiveness__

  - Responsiveness has been tested in DevTools in order to be able to test on as many devices and screen sizes as possible.

  - A couple of examples of iPhone 5 screen size (320 x 568)

    - ![Landing page - iPhone 5]()
    - ![Experience page - iPhone 5]
    - ![Portfolio page - iPhone 5]
    - ![Contact page - iPhone 5]

  - A couple of examples of iPad screen size (768 x 1024)

    - ![Landing page - iPad]()
    - ![Experience page - iPad]()
    - ![Portfolio page - iPad]()
    - ![Contact page - iPad]()
  
  - Summary of testing, summarized in a table

    - ![Responsiveness tests]()

- __Bugs__

  - No bugs were found while programming this webpage. 

- __Browser Compatibility__

  - I tested the page on Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Opera. I do not have access to Safari and can therefore not test it on that browser.
  - Firefox seems to have problems displaying the chosen fonts.

  ![Browser compatibility]()

- __Lighthouse__

  - Performance test for desktop (Portfolio was omitted)
    - ![Lighthouse desktop index.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse desktop experience.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse desktop contact.html]()

   - Performance test for mobile (Portfolio was omitted)
    - ![Lighthouse mobile index.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse mobile experience.html]()
    - ![Lighthouse mobile contact.html]()

### Validator Testing 

- HTML
  - No errors were returned when passing through the official W3C validator. Tested all pages [W3C validator for all pages](/assets/images/w3c-html.png)
- CSS
  - No errors were found when passing through the official W3C CSS validator [(Jigsaw) validator](/assets/images/w3c-css.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

There are no unfixed bugs. 

## Deployment 

- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows: 
  - In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab 
  - Select "Pages" on the left side bar.
  - Source should be set to "Deploy from a branch" and branch should be set to "main" and folder to "/root".
  - Click on save and wait for page to be deployed (can take several minutes).
  - Refresh page and the link should appear on the top of the 'GitHub pages' page.

The live link can be found here - https://bubinib.github.io/cristina-ekqvist/index.html 


## Credits 

### Code - Coding help

- Inspiration from the ["Love running"](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/love-running-2.0-sourcecode/tree/main/02-creating-the-header/05-navigation-styling-2) project was taken while creating the header.
- When changing the style and layout (changing the order of the links) of the header/navigation bar on smaller screen sizes I found help on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39217732/is-it-possible-to-change-the-order-of-list-items-using-css3) 
- When trying to change background image positions I found help on W3Schools [W3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/pr_background-position.php).
- I looked up how to implement media queries on [W3School Media queries](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css3_mediaqueries_ex.asp) and [W3Schools Examples on media queries](https://www.w3schools.com/css/css_rwd_mediaqueries.asp).
- I generated my GitHub and GitPod from the [Code Institute GitPod template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template)

### Content 

- The icon in the footer were taken from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- The fonts were taken from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- I used Code Institutes template for creating this README. [README template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/readme-template).
- I took inspiration for my color scheme from [Colorhunt](https://colorhunt.co/palettes/earth).
- I took inspiration on how I want my page to look like (style and layout) from an article on [Wixfresh](https://www.wixfresh.com/post/resume-websites).
- I went to [Elementor](https://elementor.com/blog/font-pairing/) in order to find a good combination of different fonts.


### Media

- All background images used for this webpage were taken from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/sv-se/)
